Added Azure.AppGw.MigrateV2 (#2193)
Azure/PSRule.Rules.Azure: docs/en/rules/Azure.AppGw.MigrateV2.md

---
severity: Important
pillar: Operational Excellence
category: Infrastructure provisioning
resource: Application Gateway
online version: https://azure.github.io/PSRule.Rules.Azure/en/rules/Azure.AppGw.MigrateV2/
---

# Migrate to Application Gateway v2

## SYNOPSIS

Use a Application Gateway v2 SKU.

## DESCRIPTION

The Application Gateway v1 SKUs (Standard and WAF) will be retired on April 28, 2026. To avoid service disruption, migrate to Application Gateway v2 SKUs.

The v2 SKUs offers performance enhancements, security controls and adds support for critical new features like autoscaling, zone redundancy, support for static VIPs, header rewrite, key vault integration, mutual authentication (mTLS), Azure Kubernetes Service ingress controller and private link.

## RECOMMENDATION

> Migrate Application Gateways from a v1 SKU to a v2 SKU. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrate deprecated v1 Application Gateways to a v2 SKU before retirement to avoid service disruption.
```
